feat: add file parameter to the action (#16)
okteto/pipeline: README.md

A list of variables to be used by the pipeline. If several variables are present, they should be separated by commas e.g. VAR1=VAL1,VAR2=VAL2,VAR3=VAL3.

> ### `filePath`

Reviewer: In the Okteto CLI is named `filename`:
```
  -f, --filename string     relative path within the repository to the manifest file (default to okteto-pipeline.yaml or .okteto/okteto-pipeline.yaml)
```

> path to the pipeline file, if not specified the [default file path](https://okteto.com/docs/cloud/okteto-pipeline#customize-the-okteto-pipeline) will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relative path within the repository to the pipeline file. If not specified the [default pipeline](https://okteto.com/docs/cloud/okteto-pipeline#customize-the-okteto-pipeline) is executed
```

> The relative path within the repository to the pipeline file. If not specified the [default pipeline](https://okteto.com/docs/cloud/okteto-pipeline#customize-the-okteto-pipeline) is executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relative path within the repository to the pipeline file. If not specified the [default pipeline](https://okteto.com/docs/cloud/okteto-pipeline#customize-the-okteto-pipeline) is executed.
```

        name: pr-${{ github.event.number }}
        timeout: 8m
        skipIfExists: true

>         path: .okteto/custom-pipeline.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        filename: .okteto/custom-pipeline.yaml
```

>         path: .okteto/custom-pipeline.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        filename: .okteto/custom-pipeline.yaml
```
